"This starts from the Great Emptiness and from the Great Emptiness arise the Great Compassion.
It has no boundary, no restrictions, the pervasive compassion in every direction.
That is started from your heart and with that from Great Emptiness and Great Compassion,
you go there, then you become, or each of us becomes, Vajrasattvas.
So the essence of Vajrasattva is Great Emptiness and Great Compassion, United Truth.
That is what the relief Vajrasattvas.
And then also we see this visualization, all the different elements started.
Where those elements come from? From the Great Compassion, Great Emptiness.
So this element is, all elements are, are wisdom, are compassion.
So that means everything what we see, gross level, is all started from the five elements.
So it is, this gross level, whatever it is, compassion, it is wisdom.
Ourself is compassion, ourself is wisdom.
We visualize that. That is our true nature, exactly as it is.
Because we needed visualization of meditation, because of duality, interfering,
for that reason, which is coming back to our home, sweet home, our reality,
we need to have that, that concentration.
So we meditate, that is what meditate.
Otherwise, reality, nature is always with us.
Our is nothing left, as Buddha said, in the teachings.
All those great Muslims always said that.
So now we visualize the Vajras in the tiny universe as the pure land of the Vajrasattva,
as compassion and wisdom, and all the elements are the compassion and wisdom and emptiness.
Ourself as the wisdom and compassion and emptiness.
And then we are going to recite a mantra.
And that is what, in this page 35, we look here, in page 35, the yoga of repetition.
That is what we are going to visualize in our heart center.
Again as, our body is transcendental, verse to verse, and body of compassion and emptiness, or
wisdom.
That is what it is.
Inside there is also, in our heart center, transcendental, verse to verse, and body of emptiness
and compassion, see Vajrasattva, exactly as in the teachings said,
in this page 35, the yoga of repetitions.
That is what, and then, what this, when we are reciting the mantra,
the mantra is performing all the beneficial activities.
But in the page 36 here, see, see.
Well, spreading the light that makes offering to all the noble ones.
That means the Buddhas and Bodhis to everyone.
And gathering their blessings, our blessings of every enlightenment,
I invoke and observe to your heart center.
You become embodiment of that.
Or each of us become embodiment of that status.
And then the light again comes from your heart center,
or the Vedya center, your heart center.
And touch it with all the beings here.
Purify the obscura, all the sentient beings.
Everyone's obscurations, obstacles, trouble, miserable condition, as I listed,
and you know, we all know, we all in samsara, we know.
Everything is clear, we purify everything, really.
Completely nightmare, situation, whatever everybody is going through.
Completely wake it up, kind of completely gone.
And then what they did, also what they did,
establish them in the great bliss, one of the emptiness, two natural states.
And then light come back to your heart center, and now it's a circle.
And then how we're going to recite this mantra here, see, in the teaching.
Page 36 again, with one point in mind, clear visualization,
unshakeable, rigid pride.
Remember the perfect of the Purit.
Purit.
So we are going to try to keep up identity, call it of the meditation,
with these three points.
Three points are the post is.
The post one, the basic foundation is one point in mind,
or trying to maintain the concentration.
The post, then with that, post point is clear visualization.
We can keep the radio, sattva, or as exactly the teachings,
that image, as much as we can.
And then how are we going to keep that up?
It says here, unshakeable, rigid pride,
not lingering with the intellectual thought and doubt,
how this might be, how this and that.
Those are good when we're not practicing.
That is that time to do.
But when you're in the practice, stay with this practice.
And we like to make the change.
And we like to get some result.
That's what really we need to stay with confidence, rigid pride.
And then, third point is, remember the perfect of the pride.
Purity is what?
Purity is all these gestures, all those different things we make,
and it's nothing but all is compassion, all is wisdom,
all is great emptiness, all is magical display of the illusion of compassion,
love and mercy.
That is what it is, really trying to stay with that.
If we keep these three points, then the result, the achievement
comes so easily in the teaching said and all the great masters said.
So that's why, again, I'm just reminded to you,
and now we really practice this one.
This short Madhya Sattva, short Mantra Vedya Sattva,
and long Mantra Vedya Sattva.
Suppose we do this quite wide, the short one, afterward we do the long one.
And then we start the fire in the ceremony again.